Mithril update 2024-10-16 (#484)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-10-16-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-10-16-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> The Mithril team completed the decentralization of the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They completed the refactoring the Prometheus metrics in the signer and started implementingg the Prometheus metrics in the aggregator. They also kept working on supporting the new Pythagoras Mithril era. Additionally, they created the new distribution pre-release [2442.0-pre](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2442.0-pre).
> 
> Finally, they kept implementing optimizations on the node logs and enhanced the release creation workflow in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mithril team completed decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They also completed refactoring the Prometheus metrics in the signer and started implementing them in the aggregator. Additionally, the team kept working on supporting the new Pythagoras Mithril era and created the new distribution pre-release [2442.0-pre](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2442.0-pre).

Finally, they kept implementing optimizations on the node logs and enhanced the release creation workflow in the CI.
```
